# Reflection final grade
-----------------------------------------
Overall I think this has been a challenging course i have taken. Not because of the coding but because
of the outside responsibilites i had and the struggle on focusing. However i think for the time i was 
suppose to be in class or when an assignment was due i did focus and tried my hardest to understand the work
and submit it on time. I did miss a few classes due to my job but i tried my hardest to attend those class
lectures and recorded them so that i can go back and look at my mistakes or if i had confusion on something.
If i did not miss a class due to mandatory work things i did attend on time and stayed until the end of class.
There was one homework assignment i was confused on and struggled on it that i did reach out for help. 
I do think i gave this class my all despite everything i had going on. I do wish i could have given more 
and be able to interact more and be able to follow live codings but i tend to struggle with multitasking. Which is
why i did record the lectures so i can go back and practice it on my own and look at the live codings for class.
As for basic commends i think majority of my codes did work and were somewhat familiar to the posted answers. I do 
think i should be better on explain the codes so that for my own sake i understand what i wrote down vs just writing it down.
SO that when i go back to the assignment i can look at the notes i wrote next to the code and can pick up from there.
I think there was an instance where i was not getting the code or understanding it when i reached for help and felt very smart
and proud that after asking for help i was able to successful run it. As for homework, being presented to class and turning in
assignemnts on time (only missing one because of work emergency) i feel like i deserve an A. Just because of being present, asking for help when needed,
staying on top of it when it came down to turning things in and constantly looking at emails that were sent out so i am not behind.
I also did everything in my power to make sure i was present for class. Despite working 9 hours a day i would leave work, attend class then go back to work. 
So i did try to give it my all although i feel i could have given more. As for me personally knowing what i could have given i think I deserve a B as my final grade.
I put too much time on other assignments especially for my other comp class that would sometimes set me back for this class and confused on what to do next. It would be two 
different type of code writing so the back and forth was kind of hard. I also did not ask for help as much as i shouldve because of how much time i invested in work.
Lastly, i think my final grade should be a B.